feat(har): re-add routeFromHAR (#15024)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-page.md

How often a route should be used. By default it will be used every time.

## async method: Page.routeFromHAR

If specified the network requests that are made in the page will be served from the HAR file. Read more about [Replaying from HAR](../network.md#replaying-from-har).

Playwright will not serve requests intercepted by Service Worker from the HAR file. See [this](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/issues/1090) issue. We recommend disabling Service Workers when using request interception by setting [`option: Browser.newContext.serviceWorkers`] to `'block'`.

### param: Page.routeFromHAR.har
- `har` <[path]>

Path to a [HAR](http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-12-spec) file with prerecorded network data. If `path` is a relative path, then it is resolved relative to the current working directory.

### option: Page.routeFromHAR.fallback
- `fallback` ?<[HarFallback]<"abort"|"fallback">>

* If set to 'abort' any request not found in the HAR file will be aborted.

> * If set to 'continue' missing requests will be sent to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8 If set to 'fallback' falls through to the next route handler in the handler chain.
```
